well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about james
comey's upcoming book
some news outlets got advanced copies of
it
and there are some quotes floating
around that i definitely believe
warrant discussion
in comey's soon to be released book
he apparently suggests that the next
attorney general the one under biden
should not pursue a criminal
investigation
of donald trump no matter how compelling
the road map
how powerful the evidence
although those cases might be righteous
in a vacuum
the mission of the next attorney general
must be fostering the trust of the
american people
you know when people started chanting
lock him up lock him up i didn't like it
i made a video about it
i'm one of the few people of my
political persuasion
that took issue with it
politicizing the justice system is wrong
and it's incredibly dangerous to a free
society
the united states is not supposed to be
a place where it is
show me the person and then i'll find
the crime it's not how things are
supposed to work
politicizing the judicial system is
dangerous
that works both ways
nobody should be prosecuted simply
because of their political beliefs
and nobody should be shielded from
prosecution
simply because of their political
beliefs or their popularity
with a segment of the american
population
that is uh
that's a really bad precedent to set
you know there's also
a problem with the idea that the next
attorney general is supposed to foster
trust
by helping to cover up
alleged crimes of president trump
i would suggest if you want the next
attorney general to foster trust
they would need the truth maybe i'm just
old-fashioned i don't know
seems like those things go together
i don't think there should be a fishing
expedition to find
something to charge president trump with
however there are a lot of activities
that seem like they might be crimes
those need to be investigated and
if they warrant it they need to be
prosecuted
you know trump's real danger
the real danger he posed to the united
states
was his desire to create a
government that had
a group of people at the top who can
operate with impunity
and then everybody else was just othered
and law enforcement could do whatever
they wanted to them
if comey's advice is followed
trump succeeded that's exactly the
system he created
and he's part of the untouchable class
i would suggest that's wrong
i would also suggest that a large
segment of the american population
needs to understand what really happened
and how they may have been taken for a
ride
there's a lot of people
who look at president trump and refuse
to see horror
on horror's face
you know
if there is no accountability
for any crimes the president may have
committed
it sends a message to the next
would-be tyrant that
there's no risk try all you want
nobody's going to prosecute you
afterward
because we have to protect the
institution of the presidency
right
if the presidency becomes a
line of would-be dictators
it's not worth protecting
president trump damaged the presidency
damaged the foundations of this country
if he committed a crime while doing that
that needs to be investigated prosecuted
and needs to be convicted
if not he needs to go free
that's how our judicial system is
supposed to work
you don't make the determination based
on what's politically expedient
if you do that we already
have the system that president trump
wanted to create and that would be
more undermining to the institution of
the presidency
than a prosecution would
it would also destroy
everybody's faith in the judicial system
because there would be no accountability
for those with political connections
that's the message that would get sent
james comey is wrong on every level
i wish i could find these quotes in
context
they're not released that way
my guess is that this was designed
to create buzz for his book
i'm pretty sure that's going to happen
i'm not sure
it's the kind he wants though
to those who are political politically
savvy we know what president trump was
we know what he was trying to do but
large portions of the american
population do not understand it
they don't get it and the only way
that they are going to is if there is a
full accounting of his
actions especially those that may have
been criminal
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day